all right today on how to shoot David
let me show you how to shoot with form
have a shoot with power and everything
else alright so first of all when you
shooting you know shooting yes you're
shooting two-handed not two-handed like
this like a kid named child's legs ship
I know he it like this but like
this all right like this you want one
hand right here for the power x yep like
your flick hand whenever you release me
let's go straight out see and it's going
to be a bar shot when a hard flick so
three poor or hard you want a little
slap shot nice like 5-footer give that
little touch mid-range James give the
medium to Frank so here's how you're
going to do it today with this hand out
in front of you that's your power we've
got this hand to guided so you got the
perfect straight you keep it straight
out in front of you so you can get it if
you're straight it to go you want to
straight it'll go straight towards goal
and straight don't worry shooting like
this yeah I'm funny to see that get out
partying your body straight out don't
look up now let's read up I'm in
straight
just like that perfect backspin so don't
forget about well that's just the hand
part of it when you're shooting a jump
shot point it to dump well you got to
get a little jump in there not like a
credit card up you know get your little
7 inch vertical your jump so whenever
you're jumping you bend your knees
slightly I mean that too much you know
not at all give us five in just like
this we're shooting white pins fall
straight out straight difference right
all right now you got it now we're going
to give a few tries all right I'm gonna
slow it down for you break it down but
imma shoot it I'm am I not make it cuz
I'm slowing it down for you but I'll
show you how to do it how it should look
like this supply it in
that's how we should look right there
just like that that's how you shoot it
right perfect every time just like that
the one just like that every time
exactly how you want it long-range day
like I've told you today are slick I can
slow down
that tight that's pretty much I shoes
perform touch pretty much all you need
so that's all I have to say about how
shoot